[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>DAVID WILCOCK: All right,
welcome back to "Disclosure."
I'm your host, David
Wilcock, and I am here
with Dr. Pete Peterson, one of
the most remarkable insiders
I've ever had the
pleasure of knowing.
So, Pete, welcome
back to the program.
>>PETE PETERSON:
Thank you much, David.
>>DAVID: So let's hit the
ground running on this.
As far as the
informational field goes,
we talked about it in
a previous episode.
We also got into
the Vatican library
and some of the ancient
books that were found there.
And you mentioned that
those books indicated
that the people
who wrote them had
an awareness of this cosmic
consciousness in some way.
>>PETERSON: Yes.
I think they had a better
awareness than we have now,
to some extent.
And then progress, as
always, go forward.
So there are a lot of
things that we know now
that they didn't know.
And the question is
how helpful they are
compared to what they did know.
They were capable of
doing a lot of things
that we have found that we
aren't capable of doing yet.
And we're just now
learning a lot of things
that we're becoming very
capable of doing that they
did for ages and ages.
So it's a very interesting
time, not the least of which
is interesting for that reason.
>>DAVID: This is
kind of separate
from the rest of the
topic of the show,
but it's related to
what you just said.
Do you think we're ever
going to get the truth?
Do you think we're
ever going to find out
that extraterrestrials
are real and that it
will become commonly known?
>>PETERSON: Oh, I think that's
already pretty commonly known.
But it depends on who you are
and what level of government
or what level of
leadership you're--
>>DAVID: Well, let me
ask it a different way.
Do you think that we will see
UFOs and extraterrestrials,
in our lifetime,
becoming something
that would be known enough that
it's just we can talk to them,
we can see their ships
in the sky easily?
>>PETERSON: I would say,
in the last 10 years,
if you want to see that
now, you can see it.
If you want to go to
places that are remote,
if you want to be awake
at night and observe
with such tools as infrared
night vision devices
or other type of night vision
devices, or if you want to be--
if you want to use particle
or charge detectors,
you can see these things.
And we talk about them.
If you want to go down
to Gulf Breeze, Florida,
and sit there in an armchair
at night and look at the sky,
you're going to see craft.
And that's all there is to it.
Because they fly
there all the time.
>>DAVID: The Gulf
Breeze sightings
are a classic in modern
UFO lore, for sure.
>>PETERSON: Yup.
>>DAVID: So, Pete, it
really sounds to me
like your informational field
science is a bridge to what we
would normally think of as
extraterrestrials, that it
opens up the possibility of
advanced human potentials
that we wouldn't normally
consider that we have.
>>PETERSON: It's a
way to see things
that we have no way to see.
I like to look
back at technology
to see where it's come, to
see if I can't maybe steer
a little bit more out of it.
And so, from time to time, maybe
once a month, I take a review.
And I see the things
that we're learning
on a rapidly increasing basis.
Things that we know, things
that we have available.
One of the things
I've considered myself
over the years is
an instrument maker.
I like to make instruments that
are highly, highly sensitive
and can see things that
we don't have instruments
right now that can see.
I've made a lot of things in
the areas of remote viewing.
I made a lot of things
in the areas of locating,
for example, aircraft
and for seeing entities.
And there are entities that
come here and observe us,
and we can observe them.
>>DAVID: People are not going
to want that one to go by.
How do you see
entities with a device?
>>PETERSON: Well, I think
that's another show.
But you can see
them by temperature.
One of the areas I see
them mainly by is charge.
I have what I call
a charge telescope.
And I can see entities, as well
as I can see their conveyances.
>>DAVID: Is the background
that your grandfather had
as Nikola Tesla's lab assistant,
and then all your uncles
and so forth, is
that part of how
you got to understand
these subtle fields?
>>PETERSON: Those
and anybody else
I could study that
was intelligent.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>PETERSON: Or had
something that was new.
And a lot of it, I found the
reasons why, and it wasn't what
I thought.
And a lot of it I
found were reasons
that nobody seems to know about.
I know, for example, that
you take the gentleman that
wrote the first field equations
in electromagnetic theory,
and I went to his
laboratories in England--
>>DAVID: You're talking
about James Clerk Maxwell?
>>PETERSON: James Clerk Maxwell.
And I went to his laboratories,
and they had almost everything
he'd ever written on paper.
They'd collected a whole
large group of things.
I realized that
what we had read,
what the average person
had available to read
about James Clerk Maxwell
was 3% of what he did.
There were all kinds
of brilliant things.
But the things that he did
that they grabbed first
were so brilliant that they
were whole centuries of study.
For example, all of our
electromagnetic communication--
radio, television,
microwave-- is all
based on Maxwell's theories.
And yet, to me, that was one of
the more uninteresting things
that he did.
>>DAVID: Well, let
me say this, Pete,
since you bring up
Maxwell, one of the really
cool and interesting things that
I've read in terms of physics
was people who were tearing
apart conventional science
and showing alternatives.
They make the point
that Maxwell's equations
are used widely.
We use them for electronics.
We use them for
radio communication.
Everybody accepts it,
because the technology works.
And yet, Maxwell's equations
postulate and require
a field, which
supposedly Einstein
said didn't exist when he came
up with the space-time fabric.
So this is this kind
of embarrassing thing
where the Maxwell equations
are part of our world.
But their field equations--
when physicists say,
oh, well, those fields
have been debunked.
They don't exist.
But the equations have
them right in there.
>>PETERSON: Einstein is has
a whole different subject.
We read about Einstein, and
we get the E equal MC squared.
And we get the
work that he tried
to do for years and years and
years and he wasn't able to do
and others weren't able to do.
What Einstein got
his Nobel Prize for
was the photoelectric theory,
and I wrote my first physics
thesis in college on the
photoelectric theory.
And unfortunately, I
read all the things
that were out there
about it instead
of digging deeper and finding
the things that were about it
that weren't out there.
And I heard a national public
radio show driving across
the great Mojave Desert
one night with my wife,
and we were listening
to national public radio
show on Einstein and
the photoelectric theory
that he got his Nobel Prize for.
And I had worked
with some scientists
and some mathematicians
that had proven
that virtually everything
that he said about E
equals MC squared had
no part in anything.
It was completely incorrect.
>>DAVID: Well, Pete, also,
in a previous episode,
you'd mentioned that he
set the speed of light
at a ceiling of 186,000
miles per second.
And you said something
I hadn't heard,
which is that there's
French scientists who
have now seen it going as fast
as 660,000 miles per second.
>>PETERSON: Well, yes.
It doesn't seem to have a limit.
And French and Italians-- it
was first postulated, I think,
by a Frenchman.
So there are a number
of them that have.
And it was because of the
flaws in measuring the speed
of light way back when.
And some of the experiments
were done for doing that.
Also, in the logic and
reasoning behind it.
And so there are a lot
of things that are being
done in that area right now.
I'm doing a bunch of work
with a brilliant, brilliant
mathematician friend
in that field.
And I'm waiting for him
to publish his book on it,
because it debunks
most of mathematics.
>>DAVID: Well, let's get back to
this information for a second.
Because let's just say if
Einstein turns out to be wrong,
if there is actually--
or let's even say
it differently.
Because I wrote
in "Source Field"
that in Einstein's later
works that nobody, none
of these skeptics,
talk about, he
dispensed with the idea
of a space-time fabric.
And he said there has to
be some kind of medium
that space and time
is acting within.
So if that is true, then how
could you divorce consciousness
from that medium?
They must, fundamentally,
be intertwined.
>>PETERSON: No, you can't
separate consciousness.
Consciousness is the
third, one of the three,
that I always talk about.
There has to be three things--
body, mind, and spirit;
Father, Son, Holy Ghost;
volts, amps, and resistance.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>PETERSON: And all these
things fit together.
They fit within
Zhegalkin algebra,
which tiles the entire
universe and everything in it
with six-sided tiles.
Everywhere the tile
you have a junction,
you have three things meeting.
It's built like a soccer ball.
>>DAVID: So that's a lot
for people to take in,
but I understand
what you're saying.
I've talked a lot on my
show "Wisdom Teachings"
about sacred geometry.
And one of the things
that I've gone into
is Dr. Robert Moon
modeled the atom.
He was one of the guys who
developed the Manhattan
Project.
And he has gone in
and shown that protons
in the nucleus of
the atom are actually
the corners of
geometric forms that
exist as like a standing wave.
So, in fact, we now
have a geometric rewrite
of matter and
energy, in a sense.
And so what you're saying
is this Zhegalkin algebra
works because the universe
itself is fundamentally
geometric in nature.
It's all tiled, as you say.
The tiling means there's
a geometric structure that
underlies reality.
>>PETERSON: Right.
A tripod holds
anything up, and it
seems that it works
that way and everything.
And it doesn't just
work in mechanics.
It works in electronics.
It works in hydraulics.
It works in philosophy.
It works in speech
and linguistics.
It works in everything.
And to you can't reference
something from one other thing.
You have to reference it
from two other things.
And all of Penrose's work
in tiling works this way.
>>DAVID: I have at least two
or three episodes on Penrose
tiling, which wouldn't have
happened if it wasn't for you
telling me about this
hexagonal aspect of--
or you know, the
junctions of three lines.
Anywhere you look, most
of the platonic solids,
except for maybe--
I guess the only
one that doesn't
do it would be the octahedron.
But if you have the tetrahedron,
each corner of the tetrahedron
is three lines.
Each corner of the
cube is three lines.
icosahedron is three lines.
Each corner the dodecahedron
is three lines all
coming together.
So you're actually saying--
I believe what you're
saying, in part,
is that if that geometric
structure underlies
our reality, where most of
it is these geometries that
have nexus points of three
lines coming together,
then if we use a mathematical
system that harmonizes
into three, then
all of a sudden,
everything's going
to work better.
Everything's going
to be a lot more
favorable when we start trying
to make geometric calculations.
>>PETERSON: And the whole
entire field of mathematics
works perfectly.
>>DAVID: It's kind
of amazing that this
would have been missed by
our mainstream scientists.
>>PETERSON: It's stunning that
it would have been missed.
>>DAVID: Do you think there's
some deliberate effort for it
not to be known?
>>PETERSON: I don't think that--
it's happened for so
long, I don't think
that would have been possible.
I think it's just
something that we missed.
And I think it's
something that we
had back before the confusing
of man's mind by what
we were talking about
in the last show
in the Tower of Babel.
And it was a different
type of confusing, I think,
than we thought.
I think it was a mathematical
confusing from a base three
number system.
>>DAVID: Well, it
does appear that we
have a physical
gland in our bodies
that gives us a link,
a physical link,
to this informational world.
And that would be
the pineal gland.
I've done a lot of work on that.
It's in "Source Field."
Talking about the idea
that, for example,
the pineal gland is
about the size of a pea.
It sits inside your brain.
There's water in there
that has crystals in it.
And then the entire
interior of the pineal gland
is lined with cells that,
for all intents and purposes,
are just like the rods and
cones in the retina of the eye.
And they're wired into the
visual cortex of the brain
with the same exact
type of wiring
that we see coming
off of the eyes.
>>PETERSON: Absolutely.
>>DAVID: So why the
heck do you think
this thing in the
middle of our brain
is wired up exactly
like our other two
eyes, the so-called third eye?
What's going on?
>>PETERSON: So that we
can see this third piece
of information, that
makes information,
that stabilizes it.
Two things are not stable.
A two-legged stool
wiggles around,
where a three-legged
stool is solid.
You have to have three
things for basing things on.
And that holds throughout
all of the universe, which
is shown by Zhegalkin algebra.
>>DAVID: But somebody
is going to say--
and I've supplied
the answer for this,
but I want to get
your take on it--
OK, what the heck is this
retinal tissue seeing?
It's dark in the
middle of your brain.
What could it
possibly be seeing?
>>PETERSON: That that's unseen.
This is the Taoist
answer for that.
It's not seeing something.
It's sensing it.
And that particular sense,
it covers three other things.
It covers seeing, and not
seeing, and feeling or sensing.
And so it's an extension
of the three things.
It's the other end of the
third limb, if you would.
>>DAVID: So you're
saying that, in some way,
the water that's
inside the pineal gland
is acting as a medium
for the unseen, which
these retinal cells can
then pick up from somehow?
>>PETERSON: The water is
acting as a filter modulator,
and then there are
sensors, other sensors,
that sense those two things
mixed with a third thing
to give it a third
point of reference.
It's building another point
of reference that finishes off
what the two others started.
>>DAVID: I seem to remember
you telling me at some point
that there was research that
was done that may or may not
be public, I don't know.
You had said that in the
middle of the pineal gland
that there's kind of
like a ring of sensors
that are different than what
the rest of the pineal gland's
interior has.
>>PETERSON: Well, there
are three types of sensors,
and yes, they're there.
And they can recognize
things across space and time.
So with the advent
of the other two
as kind of holding
them in one place,
than the place that
they go is the place
that you couldn't go without
having a reference to it,
but has the rest of
the three that it
needs for a full reference.
>>DAVID: Now, I've had about
five different insiders
all independently tell me
that, apparently, Atlanteans
or whoever it was,
we don't know,
were able to build a much larger
version of the pineal gland
as, like, a barrel of water
that was shaped the right way.
And that by hitting it with
certain energetic fields,
that they could duplicate some
of the pineal gland's effects,
including being able
to see at a distance,
and that this was
called looking glass.
So I'm wondering if you
know anything about that.
>>PETERSON: I have
heard a lot about it.
I haven't heard enough
about it to build one,
and I've wanted to
do it for years.
>>DAVID: I'm sure.
>>PETERSON: And I've
studied everything
I can find on it so far.
There are places I haven't
yet had the ability to search,
and there are experiments
that I haven't had the--
I have the equipment now, but I
don't have a place to set it up
to do the research on it.
But it's very much part of what
I call an informational field.
It is one of the
informational fields.
>>DAVID: When people go
into an astral body state,
like astral
projection, they claim
to be seeing, in many
cases, a silver cord, which
appears to go from their
head in their astral body
to what appears to be, in
many cases, their pineal gland
in their physical body.
What do you think
that silver cord is?
>>PETERSON: I think it's
a visible connection
for something that doesn't
have a physical basis.
It's a connection
that's there, but we
don't have a blood
vessel, a blood
vein, a neural connection,
a piece of tissue that
goes there.
It goes there in a--
well, I just call it
an informational body.
It's built with information,
which may or may not
have a mass structure.
>>DAVID: Now, I have
traced back through so many
different ancient cultures.
Pine cones all over the
world in ancient iconography.
They're in Egyptian art.
They are in so many
different things.
The pine cone appearing to be
a symbol of the pineal gland.
It's on the pope's staff,
right below the cross.
There's a third
eye symbol at Mecca
where the Kaaba
stone is located.
>>PETERSON: That's
a universal form.
>>DAVID: So why do you
think this pineal gland
is so widely known about?
Do you think this came
from extraterrestrials?
Or how did this pine cone--
>>PETERSON: I never
thought of it that way,
and so I don't know.
But it certainly was studied
by the mystics of the world.
And it was studied by some
who perceived it through we
would call psychic phenomena.
It was perceived by some who
were more physical in nature
and studied it because it was
there in physical phenomena.
And it's much like
this mathematics
that I talk about,
where we're going
to be changing the mathematics.
It shows up everywhere.
So there must be something
universal about it.
>>DAVID: Even in terms of
more terrestrial phenomena,
we have Dr. Paul Pearsall, who
has done some truly remarkable
research, showing
the non-locality
of mind, in which he has looked
at heart transplant recipients.
And these people got a
heart from someone else.
And then, all of a sudden,
they start craving mustard.
Or somebody who was a total
prude becomes a sex fanatic.
And then you find
out, oh, the guy
who had the heart before--
even though that's
supposed to be
confidential, the guy
who had the heart
before loved mustard.
Or the guy who had the heart
before was a sex freak.
Pearsall has done incredible--
a lifetime of work,
because he was a
heart transplant
physician, in following
up on these things.
And showing time
after time after time
that really remarkable
specific personality attributes
that we would think of
as a function of privacy
and personal identity can be
transferred to someone else
when you give them that heart.
So how does this tie in with
your informational field
theory?
>>PETERSON: They are
stored in the body
in some different ways.
And some account for different
types of things or feelings
that we might have.
I mean, it's no mistake that
we think of Valentine's Day,
we think of the heart.
We think of love, we
think of the heart.
The universal symbol
for love is the heart.
There are connections that are
out there that are absolute.
And they're the same for
animals and for people.
They're rather amazing.
>>DAVID: What is going
on with the heart?
I still don't
understand why a heart
transplant is going to do this.
>>PETERSON: Well, because
the heart transplant
has stored that information.
You talk about mustard.
Well, you can have people that
love mustard and people that
don't like mustard, but it's
stored in the same location.
And so there's another
thing that's involved in it.
It may go one way or another.
You look at it,
and it's a matrix,
but it's a matrix of
triangles rather than a matrix
of, say, cubes or squares.
>>DAVID: You're saying
that, ultimately,
this information itself
is stored in what
looks like triangles,
if you could actually
see its structure?
>>PETERSON: No, it's that
the structure let's say
mathematically, or
intuitively or--
it's a subtle storage.
But it's stored based
on three things.
It gets its power from
being in all three.
It's not an easy thing to talk
about, because it requires
a whole new mathematics.
>>DAVID: Well, in
simpler terms, I
remember you saying that if you
were to take a piece of heart
tissue and hand it
to a brain surgeon,
what would he
think, if he didn't
know what he was looking at?
>>PETERSON: Well,
hopefully, he would
know what he was looking at.
And I can take a heart--
I could teach him
to take a heart,
take it apart into constituent
parts, and hand him apart,
and he would look at it and
say, that's brain tissue.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>PETERSON: No,
it's in the heart.
Comes from the heart,
but it's brain tissue.
And it has a very
interesting structure.
It's based on cholesterol,
and cholesterol,
as we're just now
finding out in medicine,
is absolutely critical
to a human being.
Deprive them of the
cholesterol, you deprive them
of 1/3 of their brain tissue.
Pineal, pituitary, the
heart, all these things
are primarily made
out of this tissue.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>PETERSON: And it's the
part of the tissue that
communicates over distance,
over time and distance.
>>DAVID: So are
you actually saying
that if someone gets a heart
transplant, that they are also
getting some form of
a brain transplant?
>>PETERSON: Exactly.
>>DAVID: And that brain has
information stored within it,
in its tissue?
>>PETERSON: It has its
likes, its dislikes.
It has its emotions.
It has its love.
One of the things
we did, we happened
to have a friend that was
a very, very jealous woman.
So we anesthetized the
tissue in her heart--
>>DAVID: The tissue that
looks neurological in nature,
you're saying?
>>PETERSON: Well, no.
All tissue looks neurological.
It's the tissue in
her heart that that
is based on cholesterol.
>>DAVID: OK.
So you anesthetized meaning--
>>PETERSON: We
anesthetized that tissue.
>>DAVID: --the nerves
are not going to fire.
>>PETERSON: Then,
we opened the door.
And out in the
hallway, there he was
in the possession of
some tonsil licking,
and she never thought
a thing of it.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>PETERSON: Then we, the
next day, did the same thing.
And we damn near had to have a
straight jacket and the police
there.
And we showed that the love,
if you want to call it that--
which it wasn't love.
Had it been love, then there
wouldn't have been a problem.
But the jealousy was
stored in the heart.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>PETERSON: And the desire
was stored in the heart.
She wanted that man,
not somebody else.
So what that says about
future medicine, I don't know.
But it was very,
very interesting.
So we found we found
things that we could give,
herbal substances, that
would block a little of that.
And she became un-jealous
enough to actually live
with as a human being.
>>DAVID: Could you say what
those herbal substances are?
>>PETERSON: I wouldn't off
the top of my head right now.
>>DAVID: But your
research at the time
determined what would be good?
>>PETERSON: Well, I
know that people are
working on the ultimate thing.
And I know that there are five
or six different things that
have the same molecules.
And each one seems to work
a little bit differently.
Like one might work on
physical attraction.
One might work on amorous
or psychological attraction.
>>DAVID: So if this is not only
just the idea of brain tissue,
but it's also some
kind of field effect--
>>PETERSON: It is
a field effect.
>>DAVID: Then what's going on
when people hug each other?
Is there actually an
exchange between the hearts?
>>PETERSON: Oh, yes, absolutely.
>>DAVID: There is?
>>PETERSON: There's an
exchange, an amplification.
I studied oriental
medicine for years.
My wife was an oriental
medical doctor.
And there are certain foods that
are used for love attractants.
And so she and I were
interested in that part of it.
We studied it.
And so what we found out was
that there were certain foods
that you could eat.
But what we found out
was without her knowing
or without me knowing, and then
with several other couples that
were acupuncturists or royal
medical doctor friends of hers,
we found that without
much prompting,
they would find out about this.
And they would, without
any study of it,
start serving certain
foods to their husband
to gain these feelings
that they wanted
to get from their husband.
And they would know which
foods because they'd eaten
them and they'd had
an internal sensing.
So there's a whole set
of internal sensing
that goes on with this.
>>DAVID: What
happens in the case
of a baby that's just
being newly formed
and the mother tending
to always cradle
the baby next to her heart?
What's going on there?
>>PETERSON: Well, what's
going on there is interesting.
If the baby is a preemie
and is put in a center
to be kept separate
from the other babies--
>>DAVID: An incubator.
>>PETERSON: An incubator
or similar type things.
If that baby is kept in
there 12 to 14 weeks,
it will very rarely
ever develop the ability
to show love or have love.
It needs the field, the
informational field--
that's a measurable thing--
that comes from
the mother's heart.
It needs that field.
>>DAVID: Do you think
this is also why--
and I've got the
research to prove this.
There was an Indian
guy who wrote a book
about mind of scientist--
I'm trying to think of his
name off the top of my head--
in which one of the
many studies they
had that was
phenomenal stuff was
that if you take the
blastula, the developing
zygote and embryo out
of a mother's womb,
even though it's
perfectly healthy,
you put it in nutrient bath,
it gets everything it needs,
it will never go
beyond about 80 cells.
And then it just pauses
in its development.
It doesn't go any further.
And their conclusion--
Sava was the guy's name.
Sava.
His conclusion was
that there must
be some kind of fields
in the mother's womb
that are actually telling
the embryo how to develop.
So that when you take
it out of the womb,
it no longer has
that information.
Therefore, it doesn't
develop properly.
>>PETERSON: Even if you misshape
the mother's womb externally.
>>DAVID: I don't understand
what you're saying.
Misshape it?
>>PETERSON: The womb
has a particular shape.
In fact, I was just thinking
about this yesterday.
I don't know why.
Maybe because you were
going to bring it up today.
But on the island of
Okinawa, all the burial tombs
are shaped like a womb.
Stylized, but they're
shaped as a womb.
It was found out from
someone independently--
I read in a different place--
that when you change
that stylized shape
while the baby's in the womb,
there's certain developments
won't happen.
>>DAVID: Oh, really?
>>PETERSON: And
most of them have
to do with affection,
attraction, love,
being a mean person
or a loving person.
Many of those things change
just from the shape of the womb.
There are several diseases that
misshape the womb slightly,
and they have all kinds of
problems with those people.
>>DAVID: Well, this gets into a
really interesting thing, which
maybe is too geeky for you guys.
I don't know, but I'm
going to give it to you.
We'll see what we can do here.
Projective geometry.
It's a very interesting
science in which
we're looking at
two intersecting
counter-rotating
fields, which could be
considered different realities.
And then, the
projective geometry
means that you project
how they interact.
And what that does is it creates
what's called a path curve.
And the ideal shape
for two matrices
of two alternate realities
intersecting and creating
a path curve, the ideal form
that that takes is the egg.
Just like the chicken egg.
Just like the pineal gland.
Just like the womb.
It appears that that
shape is somehow
capturing two realities that
counter-rotate together.
>>PETERSON: It's a whole science
that's not been explored,
as best I can tell.
Now, on the other
hand, there are
schools of oriental
medical thought
where this is taken care of.
And also, in our Ayurvedic
medicine, in some places,
it's taken into account, and
massive results occur from.
Massive changes occur.
>>DAVID: As in like healing
of problems in the body?
>>PETERSON: Healing of,
usually, future problems.
Healing of relationships
is another one.
>>DAVID: So you're saying
that if the womb is not shaped
properly, that perhaps
this alternate reality
that we're interfacing
with, that the normal path
curve of the egg
shape of the womb
would be capturing that energy,
thus leading to a loving
consciousness in the being.
But maybe that's not
happening now as much.
>>PETERSON: There's
an informational form
that takes place over
time that acts over time
that's based on these shapes.
And that's some of the
best research going
on in that area now is research
and things where people have
natural misshapes
like, for example,
down syndrome and
this new disease
that we're now talking
about that's going around.
>>DAVID: Zika.
>>PETERSON: Zika.
And the fact that it changes
the shape of the skull.
It changes the shape of
the pineal, the pituitary.
Changes the shape of a
number of other things.
I've just heard
about this, so I've
asked for some
information on what
seems to happen on the
shape of the glands
that I know that
contain organs that
fit within this thing, which
is the pineal, pituitary,
the actual pituitary gland,
the heart, and the shape
of the heart.
There are people that
have hearts that are
left-handed and right-handed.
Well, as another example,
almost all warring governments
have what they call wet workers.
They have people that
they find are very
easy to train as assassins.
A lot of that going on
in the Middle East now.
>>DAVID: Why are they
called wet workers?
>>PETERSON: Just people
that are assassins.
>>DAVID: So wet meaning like
the blood that they generate?
>>PETERSON: I have no idea
why they call it that.
>>DAVID: OK, but that's
what they're called?
>>PETERSON: That's
what they're called.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>PETERSON: Anyway, it
turns out that if they
have been not nurtured
to the mother's breast,
if they don't have
that connection,
they're people that grow
up mean, naturally mean.
They don't seem to have an
ethical basis whatsoever.
And they're picked out, and
have been for centuries,
by societies for assassins.
They don't have a feeling
about it one way or the other.
>>DAVID: Let's talk a
little bit about how
some of these things
that you discovered
were then able to be
turned into technology.
And that's a huge
subject, and we don't have
very much time in this episode.
So maybe, for right
now, you can just
give us an overview
of some of the things
that you invented based on this?
And then we'll get
more of it later.
>>PETERSON: I built
some diagnostic machines
based on that.
I built some treatment
machines based on it.
Diagnostic machines are
easy to build legally,
and treatment
machines are almost
impossible to build legally.
Because the whole medical
profession, in my opinion,
is afraid you're going to treat
someone and get them well.
I mean, you have to look at the
American Medical Association.
Up until the 1950s, it was
called the American Medical
Association-- a trade
union for doctors.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>PETERSON: It was
designed only to make
the doctors more wealthy.
You look at a lot of
the medications today.
We don't have medications
for treating many diseases,
where we have thousands
of medications,
or hundreds of very
powerful medications,
for treating the symptoms.
>>DAVID: Well, to get back
to Wilhelm Reich, which
I mentioned a
little bit before, I
did a whole mini series on him.
And he had this very
simple orgone box,
which appeared to be
just a combination
of inorganic and organic
materials in layers,
like you might have
foil and then wool.
And you just put
somebody inside that box.
And he was claiming that he was
getting remarkable healings,
even from things like cancer.
Is that an example
of a treatment?
>>PETERSON: That's an
example of a treatment.
I was not particularly
enamored with his work in that.
But after practicing
it with baby squirrels,
I found out that
there was a lot to it.
And I have not been able
to go further than that.
But there are a number
of different groups--
in France, there's
a couple of groups
that have done a lot of
research in that area
and have done a lot
of good in that area.
And there are a
number of other things
that they've done
over there that
were more toward
treating the illness
rather than treating
the symptom.
>>DAVID: What do you think about
the practice of sun gazing,
where some people claim that
if you look at the sun--
and we don't advocate this,
because you could really
damage your retinas.
But the idea of looking
at the sun right as it's
setting and getting some sort
of energetic benefit from that.
>>PETERSON: Anything
you'd get from the sun,
you'd get with absolutely
dark glasses on,
would be electromagnetic
in nature.
You'd probably get it, but
people that do sun gazing they
call blind.
>>DAVID: Well, but these
fields exist in nature.
One of the things
that everybody here
is familiar with, incredible
Russian research into pyramids.
And that just this structure
that stands there and doesn't
have any moving parts,
we're curing cancer,
we're curing diabetes, we're
curing all the illnesses.
There's something about
that structure harnessing
certain energy.
>>PETERSON: There are
a number of structures.
Each does something different.
And yes, the structure is--
I mentioned the universe
of threes and sixes.
Each of those
structures is something
that gives what's happening
something else to anchor
to anchor to it in a
manner such that it
will do something positive.
I've found that there are
many, many plants that
will kill, the
toxicity will kill,
or many plants that the
non-toxicity will heal.
But there are also many plants
that the toxicity will heal.
Like I'm taking rat poison.
I'm taking belladonna for
diabetic complications.
People don't die of diabetes.
They die of other complications.
>>DAVID: Rat poison
meaning warfarin?
>>PETERSON: Warfarin, yeah.
There are structures--
and this is
part of what comes out,
again, in these three things.
You may have a neurological
tie, an electrical tie,
a chemical tie.
And then, up at the
top, you might have
a physical structural type.
For example, in Chinese
and Tibetan medicine,
a lot of things are healed
by just a diagram, a yantra,
or a picture, or a
piece of writing,
something that's written.
In the science of radionics,
which is a science,
many people are healed
by a witness, which
may be the person's signature
or their initials or their date
or their birth date or
their date of a problem.
And there are a lot
of healings that
are done in Tibetan medicine
that are genuine healings.
I mean, the people
have a problem.
Now they don't have a problem.
And they went to
the local doctor,
and the doctor didn't
have anything for them.
And they went to a
priest, and the priest
said, here, take this symbol
and carry it in your pocket.
Or look at it each day
lit by the bright sun.
>>DAVID: So I think
what you're saying here,
Pete, is that this
intrinsic consciousness
that the universe is
ultimately made of
has a lot more to offer
us than what we're
using right now in the world.
>>PETERSON: We tend
to be very physical.
We want to use chemicals
to make us well.
And many times,
a hug will do it.
>>DAVID: Well, that's all
the time we have for--
I'm your host,
David Wilcock, here
with Pete Peterson,
our special guest.
And as always, I thank
you for watching.
[MUSIC PLAYING]